# storage
storage of excerpted textbooks in pdf

# Weaver

Our recent interest in the monoxides has focused on the electronic structure as it can be examined through optical UV-visible spectroscopy and through oneelec tron band-s tructure calculations. Preliminary measurements showed the feasibility of experimental optical studies. In this paper, we discuss our optical studies of the monoxides and, by inference, the lanthanide dihydrides. Self-consistent band calculations will be presented and the predictions of those, calculations compared with experimental results. It is hoped that these studies, combining experiment and theory as they do, will serve to guide future thinking the electronic properties of oxides. We shall draw heavily on the background material presented here and, as a result, shall provide herein more detail regarding the experimental aspects than usual.   The discussion will be extended and the interpretation of the interband features based on DFT+U  calculations made more quantitative. The low-energy optical conductivity spectrum shows that the dominant absorption mode is intraband for the photon energy of around XX eV and a sharp plasmon edge occurs in the near infrared (XXX eV). This edge and the character of interband absorption, which becomes increasingly important above about near-IR region, govern the physical appearance of these materials. As has been mentioned before, it is dark with grey color. The additional interband structures appear at low energy, which can be related to oxide band states. 

# NbO2 ppr

## abst

In the present study, we combine theoretical and experimental approaches to gain insight into the electronic properties of monoxide (YbO/LuO) and the optical properties . Theoretical calculations performed at the level of the LDA/GGA, Hubbard U correction, and hybrid functional are complemented with the UV-visible spectroscopy of epitaxial films. Including a Hubbard U correction reduces the DC conductivity and the relevant interband energies.  Optical measurement is consistent with metallic behavior with a plasmon falling at XX eV (with a XX eV band gap). Comparison with the theoretical dielectric functions,  allows for identification of the UV-visible spectroscopic peak features.

## introd.

Understanding the nature of the ground state of LuO/YbO is of both practical and fundamental importance for device applications.  In this paper, we use density functional theory to explore the electronic and optical properties of monoxides. We employ both standard DFT and several extensions, to better understand the nature of the ground states and possible role of electron correlations. Finally, the real and imaginary dielectric functions are calculated from first principles and measured using UV-visible spectroscopy in order to understand the optical absorption and give an measurement of the plasmon energy.

## computation

We carry out density functional calculations using the quantum espresso package code. For the exchange-correlation functional, the LDA/GGA parameterization is used and norm-conserving pseudopotentials are used for lutetium/ytterbium and oxygen electrons. A plane wave cutoff energy of xx eV was used, while the Brillouin zone was sampled using Monkhorst-Pack grids of ? x ? x ? for the rocksalt-type unit cell. During relaxation of metallic LuO, the first-order Methfessel-Paxton scheme with a sigma value of 0.17 was used for partial occupancies. The optimized rocksalt structure for LuO/YbO has lattice constants a=4.93 \AA versus experimental values of a=xxxx \AA and c= ..... Experimentally, this suffered from the distortion induced by the strain from the substrate. 

## results

The density of states plotted in Fig. \ref{FigDOS} shows that the Fermi energy lies in the lutetium/yttrium d-state-derived band. This indicates the (bad-)metallic ground state.

## Hubbard

In systems containing dand f-orbitals, both LDA and GGA often underestimate the correlation of electrons in partially filled orbitals. In order to account for this, a Hubbard-type correction *U* can be employed for these orbitals. This implies that  YO is most likely an uncorrelated metal? 

## optics

UV-visible spectroscopic measures the transmissivity and reflectivity. For a flat LuO/YO film (with a known thickness from the epitaxial growth conditions) grown on a CaF~2~ substrate, the optical constants of the LuO/YO/YbO film can be determined using standard spectroscopic data analysis techniques. in cases of Lu and Yb, analysis is not standard. The resulting dielectric function for an oxide film is shown in Figs. \ref{FigEps1} and \ref{FigEps2}. The Kramers-Kronig consistency of our data was verified using oscillator fits, which yield similar results. Peaks in our spectra could originate in either the dielectric function of LuO/YO. In Fig. \ref{FigEps2}, we see that the imaginary part of the dielectric function of YbO is small below xxx eV, consistent with the behavior of an insulator.  (this can be used for YbO only) We observe peaks at xxx, xxx, and xxx eV in $\epsilon_2$ due to optical interband transitions. The indirect band gap can be determined, in theory, by plotting absorption coefficient squared values versus photon energy, but this has several practical problems. First, UV-visible measurement for a thin film type sample is able to measure large absorption coefficients (expected for direct band gaps) much more accurately than the small absorption coefficients expected for indirect band gaps. Second, indirect transitions are often assisted by several phonons, which broaden indirect transitions, especially at room temperature, which makes it even harder to determine a unique linear region. For comparison with the spectroscopic measurements, we compute the real and imaginary parts of the dielectric functions within the Linthardt/Kubo-Greenwood formalism. The k-point grid was increased to 20 x 20 x 20 to ensure convergence of the dielectric functions. We then apply  broadening terms in an attempt to match the imaginary dielectric function, epsilon2, to experiment. The Burstein-Moss like absorption edge in e2 is best matched. 

## conclusion

A theoretical calculation of the dielectric function shows that absorption onset and peak placement are consistent with an.....

# Holden

For purposes of discussion we consider the band structures of oxide. The fundamental absorption edge of these materials corresponds to three-dimensional 3D M0 direct transitions from the highest valence band to the lowest conduction band at the Gamma point. The corresponding transitions at k=0 are labeled E1. we also consider the higher-lying direct-type optical transition starting from the valence band (situated xx eV below the Fermi energy) into the lowest conduction band (LUMO). The corresponding 3D M0 transitions are labeled E2. Shown by the solid lines in Figs.  are values of dielectric function (both imaginary and real components), as a function of photon energy. The direct gap exhibits a clear interband onset structure even at room temperature. The line shape in the vicinity of E1 and E2 has been fit by a broadened 3D M0 CPs. The dielectric properties of a crystal are known to be strongly connected with its energy-band structure. In the model that we have employed, the frequency dependent dielectric function is approximated as a sum of several components, each of which is an explicit function of energy and represents a contribution from the neighborhood of a critical point  in the joint density of states.  DHO feature: The E? peak is difficult to analyze as it does not correspond to a single, well defined CP. Thus, the structure (not observed) has been characterized as a damped harmonic oscillator:  where F2 is the strength parameter and $\gamma$ is a dimensionless broadening parameter. The feature was not observed, but was expected to lie between the structure of oxide near ??? eV.  The model presented above can be used to fit the experimental dispersion of dielectric function (E) over the entire range of the measurements. The total dielectric function was found by summing the expressions given previously. A constant, epsilon_{1\infty}, was added to the real part of the dielectric constant to account for the vacuum plus contributions from higher-lying energy gaps. The parameters such as A, B, , etc. were used as adjustable constants for the calculation. Shown by the dashed lines in Fig. \ref{FigEps} is a least-squares fit to above equations. The obtained parameters are given here. Note that there is excellent agreement between the experiment and fit. Displayed in Figs.  are the individual contributions respectively, of the various transitions. They were obtained from above equations and its KK transform. Note that there is an excellent agreement over the entire spectral range of the measurement. These fits yielded the values of the relevant parameters. The optimized parameters are .... The broadening parameters are comparable or somewhat greater than to the thermal energy of the room temperature. This is evaluated to be ca. 26 meV. This can be regarded as an evidence for the high quality of our oxide sample. In summary, we have been able to extract a number of important materials parameters. 
